But I love it. Being here 56 years now.
56. Same as me.
Same as us. I love it.
I wouldn't move from here though.
Oh no. I wouldn't.
I love Bates.
And when I hear people saying about Bates.
Oh I go back.
I get annoyed.
Well it's better than Dufferin.
Everyone got their batting good.
You shouldn't do that.
You shouldn't run anything down.
In the spa on Malpas Road.
There was people at work there.
That came from Bates.
And if you heard them.
You'd never think they came from Bates.
No.
Oh everything is bad about Bates.
I know.
I say hang on a minute.
Stand on the lane and watch the children.
The majority of them go at Malpas.
That's what I say.
So don't come here saying about Bates.
I won't have it.
They got batting good everywhere.
The touch parts.
The posh parts.
You shouldn't do that.
You've got your good and your bad everywhere.
I don't care what you say.